# lightforge
LightForge Token System

LightForms.CC_LightForgeLightPaper.pdf https://www.dropbox.com/s/ew7n605gus7drdi/LightForms.CC_LightForgeLightPaper.pdf?dl=0
1 new
https://lightforms.cc/lightforge-in-game-currency-demonstration/
Page 0
Page 1
Page 2
Page 3
LightForms.CC

LightForge LightPaper
(This document is the Property of Declaration Pictures Inc. It is not for public re-distribution or viewing by unauthorized entities or persons without the expressed written, permission of Declaration Pictures Inc. All information is subject to change and likely will change as we work with the crypto and CG/VFX communities to best accommodate the needs of our users as well as shifts in technology from other parties of which we have no control over. We are not running or ever will or ever have run an ICO or STO. For more information please email info@declarationpictures.com or visit https://lightforms.cc) Author: Kelly Lee Myers Contact: info(@)lightforms.ccRevision 4.1.2 January 15th, 2019 
 Introduction Lightforms.cc is the ultimate in what is the future of toys. Digital Action Figures and Virtual Playsets realized in Augmented Reality are made interactive with the user through modern mobile game engine technology and the AR CORE and AR Kit platforms on Android and iOS devices giving immediate access to over 600 million (and counting) potential customers world-wide.  Collectable and given value through smart asset technology, fueled by a custom yet standards based crypto-currency mechanism, LightForms are given such value not just in terms of scarcity through limited issue, but multi-user driven activity and rewards (achievements) schemes. Complete with a decentralized after market trading platform integrated directly into the app, LightForms.cc is not another "Crypto Kitties" or "Pokemon Go". It is instead, an entire eco-system of digital merchandising centered around any appropriate entertainment based intellectual property. Plus more. Much more. LightForms goes beyond the idea of "Authenticity" or proof-of purchase crypto-collectable schemes that are now taking hold in Hollywood. It's roots however stem from the research done by us, into the greatest toy and entertainment franchises of the last 40 years.  We take the marketing concepts of 1970s and 1980s IP marketing and merchandising phenomena such as Transformers, G.I. Joe and He-Man as well as the legendary licensing deals made by George Lucas with Kenner Toys or Hasbro with Paramount Pictures, and pull them forward to the 21st Century. We then combine these concepts  with the 
interactivity and nearly unlimited potential of Augmented Reality. Moores law, and drive their popularity and life cycles with blockchain technology establishing long term value, playability and thus repeat end user engagement. "We go beyond the idea of "authenticity" or proof-of-purchase crypto-collectable schemes that are now taking hold in Hollywood." Designed to be viral in nature from the get go, LightForms.cc in the form of the end user "app",  is intended to be visual stunning by default. AR is very cool and this is the perfect use case for AR technology when it comes to spreading the use of AR beyond simplistic "snapchat-like" filters which seem to be all the rage right now. Crypto-collectibles are certainly heating up as well, yet neither seems to be "hitting the mark" when it comes to user retention and provide the desired re-engagement factor with an exploitable revenue model that is long lasting.  However,  when you combine the two, you find a while new world of possibilities opens up and this is certainly going to be attractive to many. Our goal with LightForms.cc is to ensure the barriers to entry to this new realm are few and easily over come. While we certainly favor the little guy, we wish to make this possible for all interested in exploring the possibilities, regardless of ones position in the market place, be it an independent content creator or major entertainment IP rights/merchandise/license holder.  LightForms  as a technology and the LightForms.cc platform as a vehicle will do this and will evolve quickly beyond it's current development state. We know how to direct the technology development and creative processes well and combine these two areas quickly so as to merge them into one cohesive eco-system.

The LightForms team is made up of several award winning and or nominated VFX/CG  film, television and game artists and technicians who know how to "get it done" on incredibly tight schedules and budgets. Our engineers are equally skilled and talented in the areas of C, C++, C#, Java/Script, Python and more with hundreds of commercial and industrial client productsshipped over the last 3 decades. But we need to build absolutely everything from scratch to make LightForms.cc work. This is why we have spent the last 2 years evaluating different blockchain solutions before arriving at the conclusion that the best blockchain technology for us to base LightForms and the LightForms.cc platform on is WAVES. The Waves Platform bring us everything we need and nothing we don't in a single package, ready for us to launch from.  Further more, our choices regarding the selection of the additional 3rd party technology that LightForms is partially built upon is not by fluke or  by force. Our efforts in these areas of research and development are well thought, out  and deliberate.
While certain aspects of our  technology and business model are constantly in flux this is natural and expected, but always has and always will be grounded in a simple understanding of what has made the greatest merchandising phenomenon's of the last century, turn into pop-culture corner stones. What are we talking about?  You see, technology is only part of the story. Story. Someone recently said (Hans Zimmer) - "if you have story, you have everything". Well, almost. There is a lot of work involved in going from story to pop-culture pillar.

LightForms,from a technological as well as business model stand point, stands on theshoulders of giants and does so for good reason. Our choices in attaching LightForms on to various 3rd party technology where practical while building our own where required ifnot necessary, has been and always will be done with the factors in mind that lead back to the ability to tell engaging stories. "For anyone out there who understands the nature of many of the most popular cartoon series out of the 1980s... The cartoons were made to sell the toys and the toys made you want to watch the cartoons. All so one could sell the viewer more toys."We are striving to not only make it as easy as possible to create the next great franchise for the next George Lucas or Walt Disney, we want it to be as easy to possible for it to reach and exceed the popularity to say the least, that is worth and has the staying power of the properties that resulted from those creative minds. This is in contrast to a simple gimmick. We don't want LighForms or anything created using it to be another "Pet Rock". If however that's what a customer wants to do with their LightForms, so be it. But the plaform is to be made more capable than something as flash in the pan as the famous fist sized stone of the 1970s. 

es attached to them, this will be abundantly clear. The cartoons were made to sell the toys and the toy lines were evolved and expanded to reflect changes in the story lines of the cartoons further building the interest in the characters, so you could sell more toys.  If you had story, the success of both were almost guaranteed, but if you flubbed either side of it up, you failed horrifically. But we digress.  Let's begin to discuss Phase One of our LightForms.cc Eco-System roll out, the LightForge Token Program. ATTENTION: All technology, tokenomic models, rates, specifications, terms, topic matter contained in this document is subject to change and likely will. Count on it and you won't be surprised later. The LightForms.cc platform or programs that operate as part of the intended eco-system are hypothetical in nature and until established may or may not produce desirable results, of which the end user experience may or may not be as intended by us or those who engage with the systems or any of its components. In the creative technology industries, the purpose of operating various software ranges from pure enjoyment to hobbyist to professional artistic and business needs. At no time are we suggesting that our eco-system or any of the components that are a part of it that we or 3rd parties attached to it will produce any kind of guaranteed rate of income, if any at all. We may not be able to get everything to work the way we or our participants want it to in a cost effective or engineering manner that makes any of this viable for production or any other use. None of the LightForms.cc programs including the LightForge Token Program or any other initiative, now or in the future should be considered in any way an "Initial Coin Offering or Security Token Offering" (ICO or STO). We are not selling a security in any form. We are providing access to advanced software solutions, some of which exist in alpha and beta states with other components yet to be written, compiled, tested, documented or otherwise realized by any means. We are pre-selling that access to the aforementioned technology in the form of software solutions.  LightForge Token Program: Originally intended to involve a fork of the Waves Platform, this has now changed to something less challenging and more acceptable to various Waves Platform developers. We didn't anticipate a push back from various developers working with Waves when it came to the idea of a Fork. While we may still do this in the future, the current program is something a little more exciting and brings more immediacy and potential to participants in the program. 
Through a partnership established during the week of CES 2019 between Declaration Pictures Inc. and 3dFigurineMe, we are now able to introduce a new way for node operators to participate in a revenue generation system that comes from participation in a new network that we are going to establish that does computational work in exchange for a portion of the fees charged to those wishing to have a certain type computational work done. Sounds like a mouthful doesn't it? We understand that many in the blockchain community may not understand that there is more to the universe out there than "proof of work" systems commonly associated with Bitcoin or Ethereum. The purpose of this LightPaper is to explain to the blockchain community, especially those who love the Waves Platform like we do, that there is other kind of work to be done. Indeed, those high powered GPU cards/systems that run those blockchain solutions were not originally designed for that kind of work. They were designed for running game engine technology as well as processing image data or to create it, and thus result in animations and visual effects for films and TV! That's our processing power those platforms are sucking up and the demand to process  transactions on those types of networks that drove the cost of those graphics cards we needed to do our jobs through the roof and we want them back! That or at least the processing power in some capacity and the VFX and CG community, especially freelancers or small shops are willing to pay for it. Not just for GPU power but also CPU power.  So we have come full circle in a way. The Waves Platform Technology leaves a significant amount of "Headroom" available on a host system, that even if we were to fork Waves like we had originally intended (and may still), Nodes on the network can continue to operate as regular computers. Simple Waves Wallet holders who have their computer on 24/7 anyway, typically to surf the web, check email, watch cat video, etc. are near perfect for what we have in mind. Now you are probably scratching your head about now and asking "What nodes? What work? Paid for what? Who pays for this work to be done?" Let's go through this step by step. While we have already answered in part who will pay for this kind of work to be done an we will further explain this lets start off with the more immediate stuff. First off, lets talk about the Nodes and what kind of work they will initially be doing. Each Node, once the token program completes and we release the appropriate software to holders of 1 million LightForge Tokens, will be able to participate in doing work. What kind of work? The first type of work that we wish to have processed by Node operators is a special kind of work known in the computer graphics or visual effects world as photogrammetry. This is form of image to object construction. From 2D to 3D, essentially the process reverses the act of taking a photograph of a 3D object and capturing it on a 2D plane. A basic description is as follows. Photogrammetry is a process of taking a set of photographs of subject (a person or other form like an inanimate object like a prop or even a rock) and through various analysis done in the computer, once complete, produces a 3D model representative of that subject. For a more detailed 
description of how this works, please visit this link. https://en.wikiversity.org/wiki/PhotogrammetryNow we mentioned a partnership earlier that was established in mid-January of this year. That partnership has a hardware aspect to it which is the 3DFigureMe 3D Scanner Technology. It's not just hardware. It's software as well and has been in development for several years now with the initial 96 camera prototype working the tradeshow and "comicon/fanfestival" circuit in and around Calgary, Alberta, Canada, for the last two years. The software currently requires 4 compute nodes to process the 96 photographs taken by the scanner, 1 half hour (30 minutes) to produce a 3D object file of the photographed subject. It is our intention to make this software solution run on the LightForge nodes rather than make use of compute nodes. The scanner itself can be expanded in terms of the capture volume by increasing the radius of its footprint while maintaining the capture resolution (accuracy) by adding more PhotoTowers or increase the capture resolution by maintaining the radius and inserting more PhotoTowers, however the baseline currently is 96 cameras but this is looking to expand to twice that amount in the final release version which has a diameter of approximately 12 feet for the standard capture volume area. The photographs the themselves are typically a resolution of 7680x4320 (or higher). So right off the bat, that's a significant amount of information to process regardless of the configuration.  


The point of sale software, connected to the internet will then await for the subjects (DeadPool and Cat Woman) to step into the scanner, while cuing up LightForge Network Nodes, alerting them that there is work incoming. The system will intelligently select the best node candidates for the incoming work based on their geographical proximity to thescanning location, hopefully being the fastest in terms of connection speed, and then test them for internet connectivity by initiating a speed test as well as check their immediate "ready for work" availability and compute power. Perhaps they are busy processing a prior scan or the user of the LightForge Node, has their machine doing something else. While that is being determined, the  subjects step into the scanner. Step 3:Let's assume a 70/30 split of the scanning fee of $100.00USD to process the scan. When the scan is complete (remember it happens in under 10 seconds!) the network springs into action. The uploading of the photographic material is sent to the LightForge Network Nodes. For easy math here, let's assume 10 network nodes pick up the job. The point of sale system at this time, goes about the task of purchasing the Waves or LightForge token equivalent of $30.00USD. The value of 30USD being the 30% from the 70/30 split of the scanning fee of $100.00USD. Step 4:The LightForge Nodes do the work of processing the photographic scan material and once complete, send the resulting data back to the point of sale system which does the final 3D model assembly and generation of an Animated Gif in a rotating "turntable"style, for the purpose of review by the operator and then submission for review and approval by the client. Step 5.Once the resulting model is approved, the release of the processing fee reserved for the LightForge Network Nodes is made to the holders of the appropriate wallets associated with the LightForge Node licenses that did the work on the scanning job. If 10 nodes were used to do the work, each node receives 10% of that 30% split, minus any of the Waves platform network or credit card processing fees that may be encountered. This transaction is handled by the Point of Sale system and would be completed through an automated mass transfer payment script. That means each node receives the equivalent in Waves or LightForge Tokens (which can be sold on the Waves DEX by the node operators at their descretion) of approximately $3.00USD on completion of the process. Step 6.DeadPool and Cat Woman are emailed the resulting data files for use in any way they see fit. Scanner operators can of course provide "upsell" services including 3D printing, AR apps, etc. But that is the end of the involvement of the LightForge Network Nodes, until of course the next customers make their way into the scanner. Ah yes. Here come Spiderman and Black Cat! During a convention such as a Comicon, ComicFest, Star Trek Convention or even 
'casting calls' for film and TV done in a city, attracting large amounts of foot traffic through the scanner, the LightForge Newtwork Nodes can in theory generate a significant amount of revenue. The Need for Speed:Remember, it takes less than 10 seconds to do the actual scan, but currently up to 30 minutes of processing time using 4 Compute Nodes to do the work resulting in the final model. With more compute power available to a scanner operator the more throughput will maintaining the least amount of delay between scan and approval, means a larger amount of revenue generation potential. Consider the potential impact of users of the scanning services who have just been scanned showing others the results. They are going to walk through the convention halls and show people the Animated GIF or even the AR app to just about anyone they meet, fresh from the experience, and begin doing so in as little as half an hour (or less) and that means free advertising for the scanner operator and thus more potential demand for the service. The amount of scan processing requests during a 2 day weekend period typical of many of these events running from 9AM to 7PM or longer that could be made per day, range from a few dozen to potentially, hundreds. Think about the types of people who frequent these conventions. They are show offs with an entire subculture built around one-ups-manship!  The success of that amount of work, will come from the 3D scanner operator of course and that is why we will not be dependent on just one or two of them out in the wild, but eventually dozens of systems globally, likely working every single weekend around the clock during those times, every calendar year. But it will take time to get those scanners out there. We know this. It's an expensive endeavor for an entrepreneur to take on, however if we have enough nodes available and verifiable, ready to do the work for when these events roll around and even  few scanners are in operation, we feel the demand willgrow to include permanent installs in malls, tanning salons, professional photographer studios, modeling/casting agencies, etc.How will the LightForge Nodes will participate in the LightForms IP residual chain? Whether or not we fork waves, we can still make it work here is how.  Let's be clear the models the system spits out are never "perfect". It doesn't matter if it was produced from the 3DFigurineMe scanner or through the "walk around" or turn table methods. They may be fine for an AR greeting card or 3D print, but in many cases for use as a resalable asset or in game or toy product, they will need clean up and additional work done to them to make them suitable for interactive (real-time game engine) use or even film and TV visual effects work.  
That means "hoomans" need to do that work. The LightForge nodes will participate in the IP residual chain at this level as well whether or not we fork Waves, we can still make it a reality and have plans to do so. Here is how. Let's say a factory has a bunch of models they want processed, be it from the scanner or through the old-fashioned method. They hire a LightForms.CC certified artist to do that finishing work, but want to protect the data from the point of it entering a LightForge for processing and then transmission off to the artist for that work to be done. The entire chain of work can be recorded as it goes from factory request (for raw material production basically) to the forge, then from the forge to the finishing artist, who then hands it back to the factory. This process would be done and verified using various encryption methods including the Waves Platform through smart contract agreement, resulting in the smart asset that the factory then sells as a toy or whatever they choose, with the artist in the middle having been paid. There is a lot of work that we will have to do to ensure there are things in there such as arbitration if work goes sideways or a node doesn't process stuff correctly (glitch) but these area all part of the normal creation process anyway, but we want to ensure that there is no "pixel fucking" involved. Once a single LightForge or a network of LightForge Nodes completes the work and it's approved, it's paid for, and handed off to the artist for additional processing. If the artist completes that work and it's approved, they are paid and the asset gets handed off tot he factor for whatever they end up doing with it. Approval means payment. Period. Not "we love it!" and then "oh but we want changes, for what we paid you already." in a seemingly endless loop causing delays, burning artists out and done so typically by people who have no business being in this business.
Quality is important of course, so everyone has to have maintain quality throughout the process or they lose the potential for work in the future and it will be an immediate "kick in effect".  We will have a ranking system for this and mechanisms to prevent abuse. Any production accountant or producer or toy company will be able to look at the record of the forge, toy factory, artist and see several metrics to judge. Producers who "pixel fuck" will get the boot and rightfully so. When someone wants to hire out some LightForges, they (the LightForge operators) may chose to only work with certain LFS toy factories and certain artists may only want to work with certain factories or on certain toy lines, but you will be able to chose your specifications as a person wanting to get a line made and it will compile the best match for you including in terms of costs, timeline, etc. The opportunity for extremely talented and efficient artists to make their "mark" in this new sector of the CG industry is clear. Who wants to be the next Todd McFarlane? 
Indeed, freelance artists who can bring about their "signature" style to a toyline while providing for themselves a continuous residual or royalty stream will be highly sought after in our opinion.  More information regarding the LightForms.cc IP Residual Stream and Smart Contract | Asset program will be found in the full White Paper which we are currently working to compile and publish. Until then, we encourage anyone who wishes to participate in or support any of programs or initiatives, to contact us.

Thank you for your attention.

The LightForms.CC Team

